Ahora verás una historia con las acciones
que acabas de aprender.
La vas a practicar, vas a escuchar, leerás.
Después debes paus pausar el video para
leerlo nuevamente.
Buena suerte.
Lila learns new instruments regularly.
She learned the guitar last summer and
has learned to play five instruments so far.
She meets other musicians often.
She met a talented drummer last week and
has met many inspiring artists this year.
Lila pays attention to every detail in
her songs.
She paid for studio time last month and
has paid her dues in the local music scene.
She reads music fluently now.
She read complex sheet music for the
first time last year and has read
countless scores since then.
Lila runs a small music school.
She ran a successful workshop last
weekend and has run the school for three years.
She sells her own compositions online.
She sold her first song last spring and
has sold dozens more since then.
Lila sleeps less during creative periods.
She slept only four hours last night but
has slept better since finishing her
latest album.
She speaks passionately about music.
She spoke at a local school recently and
has spoken at several music conferences
this year.